hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you this vlog of my last
three days of town basically I had three
essays due on the 13th of December the
last day of term actually making very
good progress coming to the end of my
first paragraph and what only got like
three left to go okay I'm writing my
main paragraph at the moment if you're
interested I'm going to tell you what we
are sales about I am considering how
words which have a separate meaning in
public discourse have taken on new
meanings in the online space and
particularly I'm looking at internet
roles and basically exploring how
previous meanings of patrol and like the
evolution of the term affects the way
that the wide internet role operates in
discourse because it encourages other
inhere was offering this hate just got
myself some lunch I've got some kale
potato salad bagel pizza pasta and
it's a lot later and still going strong
it's like five six o'clock and I'm very
nearly there I'm just finishing off now
I'm talking about trolls and so I'm
actually referencing the trolls and
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone
this is a very strange thing to be doing
so here I was just going through the
philosopher's stone and the passage
where the troll attacks Hermione and I
was just examining the language the
Rowling uses here and how the troll is
other decays of the it something
language which doesn't actually
recognize him as a cognitive being so
the previous day I had finished my
structuralism essay and here I was just
going through that and making some edits
[Music]
in the car and you'll try leaving
tonight
[Music]
away from these three and I'm telling me
been keeping our
of water straw
is driving
and in the afternoon after doing some
food shopping I went into town to meet
my friends Blakeley and Sasha because
we've decided that we wanted to go for
bubble waffles to celebrate the end of
term notice waffles has only recently
opened in Exeter and they have these
incredible waffles look at those it was
just the most delicious delicious thing
and afterwards we headed back to Sasha's
Blakeney and I left there around 7:00 on
the way back we came across this very
interesting site next to the zebra
crossing well this is a great way to
okay it is pouring down with rain and
I'm heading back to my accommodation to
finish off my essays and it is a lovely
lovely day and you know why because I
have just voted in my very first general
election like I've never wasted in the
general elections of God
si1 was my beginning spawn on the
winter's tale and this one didn't take
me too long to go through I just made a
few final edits and made sure I was
completely happy with it
[Music]
okay I just submitted one of the three
say I went here and I just kind of made
sure you happy with that
so happy this essay just takes a
stressful time and now we're going to do
cat's eye and then we're gonna do this
the other one because before on the pie
they need space work then the second
essay is working on was my academic
writing one and this is on cat's eye and
again I did the same thing just read
through it read it aloud made sure I was
entirely happy with it before I
submitted it
[Music]
okay just finish cat's-eye its Carney
10:20 this is taking time and I'm just
gonna submit it by about
[Music]
I was feeling very confident by this
point but then I went on to my
structuralism essay and I realized I
really wasn't happy with it and so I
worked on this for a couple of hours I
slowly but surely got more and more
tired and I have never actually pulled
an all-nighter before I don't tend to
study really late
so after my shower I find it really
funny because I just look instantly so
much more tired in this clip at around
2:00 in the morning
I got myself a banana because I was
feeling hungry
[Music]
but then I did submit it good morning
it's what is it like sex 23 hours later
I didn't actually sleep but I listen to
music and just kind of chilled and then
I'm up I'm gonna go get some breakfast
cuz I'm starving I really even ravenous
but I didn't want to eat it like three
the morning cuz it just felt strange I
don't know I'm gonna kill myself some
breakfast and then wrap a present right
some Christmas cards and then do some
like summer
[Music]
I then wrapped a present and also rate
these two Christmas cards so both of
these were to two of my seminar leaders
and I know some people think that it's
strange for me to write thank you cards
or Christmas cards to lecturers but I've
always been in the habit of thanking my
teachers at the end of the term or the
year because they do put so much effort
into helping us and I think a letter or
card is a great way to show your
appreciation so I've always been in the
habit of doing this and I haven't
stopped doing that even though I'm at
university now and then as I said I also
did some seminar preparation for
Frankenstein
then I headed to campus because I did
have an 8:30 seminar the seminar was
really good not that many people turned
up which was kind of annoying but it was
still really good fun we haven't had a
good discussion
[Music]
well this is very strange I've got to
say campus is so empty at least you know
here it is anyway this area is usually
packed at the moment there is no one
here I just have my last class for the
whole semester and it was really good
fun I got to finish with Janna battery
when I go back to my room I needed to
Pat and clean and tidy because I was
leaving for the Christmas holidays so
here I was just packing up my clothes
and of course I also needed to Hever
because I didn't want to get back and
have the calf too dirty
I was she falling asleep I'm a detain my
eyes are clear they want me but it's
three so I don't really want I don't
have enough now because I need you to
turn I mean you have myself ten minutes
power not for ten minutes something
gonna go okay it's currently twenty past
four I just finished the video just
uploaded it and now I'm gonna go out to
town I ordered a computer case finally
needing to get a computer case since
2015 when I got my laptop and this one I
really like was on sale say I ordered if
I open up a postage so I'm gonna go to
had kids didn't you collector I went
into town and I had a few errands to run
and I bought this beautiful Christmas
decoration from Tiger it was one pound
and it's just so cute
[Music]
I was pretty much falling asleep in the
car I had some sleep to catch up on from
the night before and I just because I
haven't been getting as much sleep as I
should be getting recently
okay we just got to North Devon
it's 11 o'clock and I'm very tired
then this is the next morning it is the
first day of the Christmas holidays and
I woke up to this beautiful view
just so idyllic and picturesque and we
went to the beach in the morning before
heading back which was just so lovely I
love beaches in winter so thank you so
much for watching today's video I hope
that you enjoyed it and I hope that you
have a productive week